All right.
In the last section, we have completed the footer section of our project.
In this section, we're going to work on the pages that we have.
So now when we click on, for example, I'm feeling lucky button.
We go to the.
Page.
Search for slash web.
But the things we see is the 401404 error.
And also we we see that the error is the page could not be fine.
So we need to create this page in the next case.
13 There is a very simple way to create pages.
The things we want to do in this section to create two pages.
The first is the web and the other one is image.
So if you have the search for slash image, we're going to have an image as well.
So in next year's 13.
We have an app directory here.
So this page that G6 is the home page.
But if you want to have another page, we need to create a folder in this page with that name.
For example, if you want to have forward slash search, we need to have a folder called Search.
So we created a folder called Search.
And if you want to have, for example, forward slash search for slash image, you need to create another
folder here inside the search called Image.
And then if you want to have the page and see it inside your browser, you just need to create a file
called page dot JS X.
So you can see here we have page X for the forward slash.
Now we have another paychecks inside the image folder.
So if we now create an React functional component with the name, for example, we want to make it unique.
So we just say image.
Search page.
Now, if you go to our website and we go to the image page and if we refresh the page, we see the image
search page and also the other great things you see that we still can see the footer of our website.
The reason we see the footer is we have the footer inside the layout 36 Gsx, which is covering all
the pages because the layout, the G6 in the root of the app directory.
Covers all the pages under it.
So it shows all the children inside it and the footer is inside the body section.
But if you want to have a specific, for example, header only for the image page, we can just put
it inside the image folder.
We want to create a layout and put it in the image folder.
And all the things we want to do is to add another page called RIP.
So inside the search folder we create another folder and we call it web.
And inside the wave, you're going to create another file called page dot G's X.
So let's create a React functional component here, and we change the name of this one to Web search
page.
So now we have this page as well.
Let's check it inside the browser.
Now we go to Web as well.
We see web search page and also we have the footer.
That is amazing.
And if you want to have a header both for the.
Image.
Page And also for the web page, we need to put the layout inside the search folder.
So the layout inside the search folder is going to cover both of the image and the web.
So if you want to have something common, go one forward back and create the layout that is there.
So we're going to create another file here and we call it Layouts dot Gsx.
So this layout, the G6, is going to be exactly like the other one.
So I'm going to copy everything inside the other layout that G6 and we put it there.
And inside the search.
Layouts.
But.
This layout.
I'm just going to change the name of this layout to search layout.
We don't need footer because we already have the footer for this one.
So I'm going to remove the footer.
And it has the HTML tag.
It has the body tag.
But the difference is we're going to have a header here, a specific header for these two pages.
So I'm going to create another header and we call it search header, which is common for the web and
this image.
So search header, let's create this search header here inside the components.
So Search header dot G6.
Let's create a React functional component with the same name search header.
Now we need to come back to the layout that G6 and import this search header, which is coming from
the alias component for slash search header.
The amazing things we see now is when we go to the web page here.
Let's see the error of the the globals that says the address is different because we went to inside
another folder.
Okay.
So.
We can just.
Go back another folder.
Like this.
Okay.
These are not important.
We just need to refresh the page.
Let's see the error.
So the problem is we have not to HTML tag because we have one HTML tag in the layout in the root.
And the layout of G6 is another new one that we have created.
It has an HTML tag too.
So we have two external tags and body tag.
So we just what we can do is just remove this HTML tag we just created there for that.
Put a body tag as well.
So actually, we don't need this tape.
So I'm going to delete this one.
Just the one diff that is covering.
Both of the search header and the children.
But we still have the body tag because we are under that layout, that G6.
So let's see that we get an error.
Now that was the hydration.
Error.
So we just say there is a mismatch.
So if there is something repeated the search, the next case is going to warn us.
So that's a good thing about next is, as you can see, we have search header for the web page.
Search at the search web page.
And also we have the footer if we go to image.
We have still the same search header, but we have image search page and we have the footer.
So that is very simple to create pages and layouts in next year.
But in next year's 12, where the the way was completely different, we we had a.
Another folder called Pages, and we didn't have anything like layout.
We had to create our manual layout inside the app.
JS So that's a good things about the next 613.
So let's add this one to the GitHub and the next section we're going to complete the header search header
component.
So now we just add this one to GitHub.
So I'm going to add everything by clicking on the plus sign and inside the commit, I'm going to add
a message, let's say create.
For example.
Search.
Page for web and image.
So let's commit and push it to GitHub and let's go back to our browser and we go to our GitHub repository.
Now we can refresh the page and see the changes here.
So we have created a new command called Create Search page for web and Image.
Let's review what we have done.
So we have created a file page that is inside a folder called Image and Search, which is going to create
if page for forward slash search for slash image.
And the content is just image search page inside the we inside the search folder, we have created a
new file called Layouts, which is going to be exclusive layout for two pages, web and image.
So which is going to cover.
That's why we put it in the search folder, not in their folder.
And we just created and imported another component called search header header, which is common for
two pages.
Then we have created another page called.
Before for the Web, and they have created a file called Page six, which is just a text, same web
page with search page.
And finally, we have created another component called Search Header, that Gsx, which is going to
be common in two pages.
So you have learned that we if you want something common between two things, you need to create it
in a folder where that is the parent for both pages.
So in the next section, we're going to complete this search header size and we're going to create it
similar to the final version with the logo, the search box here on the right side, the menu with the
load assigning button.
And we're going to keep continue creating these two pages.
So see, in the next section for the header part of the search pages.